so here we go hey walk around the chain
is back on probably has way too much
slack oh here look at this it's just no
license plate
it hasn't been being even turned on in
like four years apparently drum brakes
fuck yeah it's a true two-stroke
I think corporated manual gas thingy I
don't know but other than that it's been
nicely taken care of I mean this thing
probably has about 20 if not more years
pretty good
it's Thomas as you can see souvenir
company let's turn it down this is not
good
hello oh you have to turn the gas on
oh it's alive its alive so that's right
in a bit more by the way this is our
property so no big deal I wasn't gonna
come here and chase me off
I think it's time to get back on the
road I really don't like this
off-roading stuff too much let's try
this god damn it neutral I'm gonna try
this now could this one
you